"When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love…"– Marcus Aurelius
"Either you run the day or the day runs you."– Jim Rohn
"Mondays are the start of the work week which offer new beginnings 52 times a year!"– David Dweck
"You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction."– George Lorimer
"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice."– Wayne Dyer
"Your Monday morning thoughts set the tone for your whole week. See yourself getting stronger, and living a fulfilling, happier & healthier life."– Germany Kent
"You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great."– Zig Ziglar
"Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself: I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn’t arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I’m going to be happy in it."– Groucho Marx
"Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams."– Ashley Smith
"When you start to do the things that you truly love, it wouldn’t matter whether it is Monday or Friday; you would be so excited to wake up each morning to work on your passions."– Edmond Mbiaka
"A ship is always safe at shore but that is not what it’s built for."– Albert Einstein
"Stress is caused by being ‘here' but wanting to be there."– Eckhart Tolle
"People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing."– Dale Carnegie
"Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude."– Zig Ziglar
"You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it."– Margaret Thatcher
"Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value."– Albert Einstein
"Morning is an important time of day, because how you spend your morning can often tell you what kind of day you are going to have."– Lemony Snicket
"Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day."– Dalai Lama
"Think of many things; do one."– Portuguese proverb
"Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do."– John R. Wooden
"The starting point of all achievement is desire."– Napoleon Hill
"If you don’t pay appropriate attention to what has your attention, it will take more of your attention than it deserves."– David Allen
"Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars."– Brian Littrell
"Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right."– Henry Ford
"The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus."– Bruce Lee
"For fast-acting relief, try slowing down."– Lily Tomlin
"There is more to life than increasing its speed."– Mahatma Gandhi
"If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I’d spend six hours sharpening my ax."– Abraham Lincoln
"If you want to make an easy job seem mighty hard, just keep putting off doing it."– Olin Miller
"Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event."– Brian Tracy
"Don't mistake activity with achievement."– John Wooden
"If you treat every situation as a life and death matter, you’ll die a lot of times."– Dean Smith
"Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle."– Abraham Lincoln
"Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in."– Napoleon Bonaparte
"There is no traffic jam along the extra mile."– Roger Staubach
"Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone."– Pablo Picasso


